docs: add footnote about `RouterResponse` and `errors` key (#3091)
apollographql/router: docs/source/customizations/coprocessor.mdx

- If a request, this usually contains a `query` property containing the GraphQL query string.
- If a response, this usually contains `data` and/or `error` properties for the GraphQL operation result.

> > The `RouterResponse` stage will return redacted errors within the `error` key if [subgraph error inclusion](../configuration/subgraph-error-inclusion) has been disabled.

Reviewer: I think we should phrase this a little differently:
```suggestion
> The `RouterResponse` stage will return redacted errors within the `error` key by default. If you wish to process subgraph errors manually in your coprocessor you can enable [subgraph error inclusion](../configuration/subgraph-error-inclusion).
```
